hey I'm back today I'm putting in a
toughy security console in my 1992 Jeep
Wrangler it's gonna pretty be
straightforward I think there's four
bolt I need to take out of the old
console and then put in this new one but
nonetheless I figured I'll show you what
I'm doing this is the new to me tepee
console pretty deep a hefty lock on it
deep them in size those are the bolts
that come with it
real good security lock here this is
where the radio goes of course your Maps
or whatever your lighting your glasses
will slide in here this is it you put
your cup holder on the back
excuse the mess in here the interior
still working progress but this is the
old console last owners got screws
coming on the back of it locks in this
and this is crap there's really not much
room in here but there's four bolts you
need to remove one here one here and two
down there once you take those out with
the 10 millimeter wrench you should be
able to put the Tuffy console right back
in that location I know the instructions
say you may have to drill some holes but
we'll see hopefully I won't have to
we'll document that as well okay I got
the nasty consult out there's the hole
right there some receipts a lot of dirt
into Jeep when you expect now gonna be
clean he's not mine
it's the whole console compared to the
Tufte console yeah this piece crap
looks like I am gonna have to read rule
me some holes I think we'll see but uh I
think it'll be fun all right be sure to
mark your holes that I am gonna have to
drill them so I marked the hole here and
I marked a hole here and I marked one
right here I moved it back enough for
the cup holder to stay on it so it'sit's
pretty comfortable I've got my armrest
and where I need it and I'm gonna drill
I want to start out with a small pilot
hole and then I'm gonna go up to the 3/8
drill bit that they they asked for next
is drilling back okay it's in got the
bolts in know if you can see the front
there yeah there's the bolt right there
and pretty happy with it
sits for your drama dress pretty well
locks the radio and once the radio gets
moved the cupholders there
I made a mock of the transmission cover
and hadn't painting it yet and I hadn't
really figured out what I'm gonna do
with the florium this thing either so
twin sticks on the Dana 300 that's
underneath it and I got to get me a
cover made but I want to get some
security in the Jeep
so this is this is what I got buddy mine
had it for sale and my wife was able to
be gracious enough to swindle him out of
it so once I get the radio moved in here
this is where I'm gonna put the radio
and then I'm gonna move my winch and my
control sets up here to the front cuz
right now this is where I have my
winches my compressor my RV my Detroit
electric currently but I just need to
figure out a way to lock it in this
happened to be a good moment to purchase
something used secondhand off someone so
I'm liking it Tuffy products make really
good stuff it's really stout bolted to
the floor and it's got the where you
can't put your channel locks on it and
try to turn it just sits and spins so
really good like that so it's got some
seat belt hooks to it these will go on I
didn't get the hardware to do it but
I'll get these on later and then of
course it's got the rubber mat that lays
down on the inside of it
set this time that give everything from
rattling around pretty open now it's in
and it's it right there that's the
rubber mat so that's my toughest
security console hope this helps you and
making decision as to what you want
freestylin stuff I like it so hope you
enjoy this video if you liked the video
hit the like button for me and subscribe
to my channel